How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to learn git for android course . i want to learn how to manage projects.
    it will help me getting a job.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?
  
  What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit , like you 
  do in Git , vs having verisons automatically saved ,like Google Docs does?

  pros :
   when you manually commit , you specify what change you have made.
   it will help other programmer .
   every commit explain something what is being changed.
  cons:
 Why do you think some version control systems, like Git , allow saving multiple files in one commit , 
 while others , like Google Docs ,treat each file separately ?
    I think its good idea to save multiple file in one commit , because when files are interrelated
    ,changes have been made to one file also affect the dependent files , so its good idea to save 
     multiple files.

git log - 
    this command display all commit ids .
    ids are sha code.
     each commit has commit id.
git diff id1 id2
     it shows difference between two ids.
     which line deleted and which is added.
 How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could
 break something ?

     there is a command git checkout by which you can go backward version of file
     , or you can revert changes that are causing problem. you can check which 
     commit causes problem. 
     git checkout  commit_id
     this command would get you defined commit .
     you can also go to recent commit .
     

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for  ? 
     I am going to learn android development , so to manage project i'm gonna need 
      git . 